what's happening y'all so I want to tell
y'all what my diet consists of after
breaking and fast all right
a lot of you been writing me you want to
know what I've been eating and what I
would be continuing to eat um I love
fruits and vegetables a lot I don't eat
meat every day once in a while I eat
meat
after the greens that may have a ham
hock in it that man the greens were
incredible by the way I had to cook them
a little bit differently than the
cookbook said but they were incredible
I'm gonna be cooking them a whole lot
more I don't believe in waste so since
it's a small ham hock I eat the meat on
whatever it's all-natural so I'm not
worried about it
but the majority of my diet will consist
of fruits and vegetables all the time
now
if you want to know what I was eating
like for example when you break a fast I
broke it with watermelon okay watermelon
is very easy to digest all inviting as a
mirror and minerals are gonna get in you
it's easy on the stomach is not giving
it a meat loaf to digest after fucking
in 18 days you get what I'm saying so
it's nice you give your digestive system
baby steps to get back in you could
start with watermelon and continuing
watermelon what I'll do without eat a
whole watermelon a day I'll eat a
quarter in the morning before I go work
out then when I get home I'll use
another quarter in a few hours later on
in another quarter and then later on in
the night I'll eat another quarter boom
sometimes I'll get to the fourth quarter
I'll just eat the next one the next
morning before I work out but that's as
simple and watermelons or I won't want
to say they're exactly really cheap but
they're cheap enough putting big-ass
watermelons like 499 399 wherever you go
get one and you can live off of
watermelon for a long time okay I was
struck like I said I'm going back to it
cuz G and I love it so you know that's
that little stereotype in here just love
warm though but if you were to look at
my refrigerator right now when I broke
my fast I got everything ready for the
greens and
I bought the watermelon but also bought
some nectarines and plums some grapes
some apples and some flat peaches yeah I
bought all that just to try out I have a
little bit though that of food to try
out if he knows it was all fruit offered
so that's what I eat man like you got
and I eat when I'm hungry I just listen
to the body I'm not eating fruit six
seven times a day like a bodybuilder and
just replacing you know you don't need
much protein to run trust me
get the China Study read the book on my
Magna sites all the people that follow
me everything that I get I get from
research is all research 100% true no
it's not okay you it's you you you can
cross-reference things and find out
things are a little bit different and
you can tweak them to work best for you
that's why I said I'm going to be on all
fruits and vegetables mostly fruits but
if I make myself some greens and I'm
putting ham hocks to flavor it i'ma eat
the ham hock when I'm done with the
greens and that's gonna be all the me I
had that day and that'll be it
like I mean when I'm done the greens
like I won't have any ham hock bits with
my greens I'll have only the greens when
the greens are done I'll eat that ham
hock I'll be my only meat for that day
yeah I mean everything continues to be
lovely
so anybody following me you and get on
my diet research the 80/10/10 diet
basically I do something very very
similar to that now working my way up to
eating as much fruits as he requires
because most humans aren't used to
eating as much vegetables or fruits as
they're supposed to because we cook our
food and it be hydrates it so we're not
used to our stomachs being as full
nutrients and vegetables roughage
everything that should but I'll do other
videos in the future so now y'all know
the tyrone madness eats all my
subscribers